and so they make motivation for
work in our call center
I was enough my cellphone
so then there is nobody at the end of
yarn you have to know that he
call centers are everywhere
everywhere everywhere we call we believe
that we are somewhere but actually not
because in the harbor
we are in a call center hello
I am in Saint-André yes I had
nothing broken very well we serve very well
I am far from harmonizing yes
it's daddy what he did this
are his goods in agency
yes is what sells you open it no
wait a little bit it's got wet and
people you have a phone
it's really necessary yes yes it's
christophe dubois my phone call
it's easy but the first call is
the panic
hello allo yes hello year followers then
if you do not mind this and after
that's the air kills chained
calls tomorrow 9 am you say to the water
do not say water that's words
proscribed as a problem problem money
failure
I do not know how ok it makes it suddenly
what do I say
that's it it's more than a million seller
premium since it's always the others
who touch them and you have more bonuses
pluton siagi bike I'm kidding it's
on the other hand, when they call you
makes an effort because sometimes we
you do not understand and I do not understand
myself and that's tell you something
yes, it's serious and hello
alain moreau you hear me
and you're all there weird there have
never even the opposite when how
so good region will not have to
to speak hello i am change boudreau
you do not mind I call him by
report to the veil what you think
that we can it is perfect you
wish a good day
thank you the hard part it stays the part
commercial must be a son or a
malignant a liar a bastard
hello hello I am successful but
I see you have a very big
house we are going to furnish all that is that
you do not have to say a belgian can not
you sell barbecue then prospects
off target
you may well have a barbecue
inside and the joggers and ben I
you are also selling a region mess
overpowered always remained cool
you do not care about me tell you 350
euros and you know not to inform
tumors the only fat as to to
small towns
that's the same way as in
his through me I will invite you
are you gonna fuck me -
yes hello I call you because
you went into one of our
many shops - will tell so belgian
that you deal with asshole so sorry
yes hello alain lefèvre your
insurance advisor thank you
do not annoy me then yes it's still
alain no it still does not interest me
especially you can know I'm not going
let's talk but I say that
I'm interested it's the same but this
interest is maturing my mouth
always separate easy yes hello
hello hello sir sir
sir sir here it's me sir
hello hello what a terrible break
arrested at and sir gentleman sir
sir yes hello I am charles of
valiant blue has agreed yes
buy under guardianship you life okay there
is so much twitter
Okay, I'll explain something to you
boy I do not have the right to
hang on otherwise I 'm going to get myself
yelled cre hang on here
hang up I hang up
but you tell me a kind of autumn
hello I'm a folder I you
do not bother I hope that's their car
did not interest me
I'm going to put this phone here hello
My name is following your request for
quote yes you are available ok
this is what I propose in fact you're
know because it's very funny bravo
I say we do not just make calls
must also mail letters
Sunday we are well together call
yeah why because we do not call
it becomes almost monotonous sometimes
so me what am I doing I invent
stuff to not bother me for example
I try to imagine the people's heads me
what would you like to invent relationship
customer had on the powerless
realize but dig
yes good player I hope not at all
it was you who welcomed me to the maximum
it works we try to be author who
was his voice then I'm assured of the village
it is true that to have fun when
even brakes you go behind the scenes
of society where he listened to the voice of
singer but that's it
the fis to organize blues was
complained of adventure breathalyzer this our
listen to it's been a steering wheel for months
once in his life he fled by
the balcony and I wanted to not
so much the French scene
I am provided by the weary at
fourth floor to the mondieux quickly he
need two men for sir sir
how come to me then the police quickly he
there's a thief who's gone with the
tip of gentleman say he must
catch up right now this glue are
everything he has I put you in relation
with the neighbor who saw everything but the one
rescue
sir guerlain savard vcd do not care
good emotions too
do not cry madam I know you
are not listened to lambert I believe in
you and I will help you manage serves
your contract and I'm going right now
where will be the sum of 300 euros
I want you to come out bad idea
the emotions
so yes hello I call you for
offer you our new range of
shampoos but offer me everything
that you want to agree then I
listen again until the end is shampoo
dishwashing appliances placed
shampoo done I wanted to know if
possibly impose every month
questions you want huh I know that
it's hard and you'll manage
yes but I sang with you there is
no problem you are not too
stressed out no it's going to sleep in the evening what
I like because his rights as soon as
time we go home it's not true
I've never seen a guy so broken
couille well it shows that it is
because this hump and a center
of calls hello you are part of
one of my many subscribers and this
week it's you who win the
check of ten thousand euros
so you too at benoît and maybe
that you receive a call from a
value of 10000 euros and joined the page
facebook he will win even more